docs: update synchronization status check docs (#1548)
apache/apisix-ingress-controller: docs/en/latest/tutorials/check-crd-status.md

#
-->

> APISIX CRDs are applied to a Kubernetes cluster using the `kubectl apply command`. Behind the scenes, Kubernetes verifies the configuration using the [Open API V3 schema](https://swagger.io/specification/) and its validation webhooks (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APISIX CRDs are applied to a Kubernetes cluster using the `kubectl apply` command. Behind the scenes, Kubernetes verifies the configuration using the [Open API V3 schema](https://swagger.io/specification/) and its validation webhooks (if any).
```

Author: Missed it, thanks.

> APISIX CRDs are applied to a Kubernetes cluster using the `kubectl apply` command. Behind the scenes, Kubernetes verifies the configuration using the [Open API V3 schema](https://swagger.io/specification/) and its validation webhooks (if any).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
APISIX CRDs are applied to a Kubernetes cluster using the `kubectl apply` command. Behind the scenes, Kubernetes verifies the configuration using the [OpenAPI V3 schema](https://swagger.io/specification/) and its validation webhooks (if any).
```
